-- Using the Doxygen utility

This file describes how to use the Doxygen documentation-generating utility to
generate reference documentation for the PMP1000 driver module (sig_p8a) and 
the PMP1000 shared library (libsig_p8a). Doxygen is an extremely nifty 
application that can scan a project's source files and generate a plethora of
useful information on the project in a variety of formats. The Doxygen utility
is freely available for download from www.doxygen.com. (Doxygen may already be
installed on your machine, depending on your distro and installation 
selections. If you've got doxy* files in your executable search path, then 
it's most likely already installed.)

A project's Doxygen settings are stored in a Doxygen project file, typically
called 'Doxyfile'. This is a text file that contains the various options and
parameters for documentation generation such as where the source files are
located, the type of output to generate, and a multitude of other configurable
parameters that define the output. A Doxyfile can be manually edited if you're
into that kind of thing, but normal people use the doxywizard utility to 
configure Doxygen settings. To edit the Doxygen file, open a shell and go to
the project directory. Then run 'doxywizard ./Doxyfile'. Note that this 
requires X to be running. I'm not aware of a non-GUI doxywizard but you never
know. The current project Doxyfiles are configured to generate maximum 
information and output documentation in HTML format.

To generate documentation, just open a shell and go the project's directory 
and run 'doxygen ./Doxyfile'. This will result in the Doxygen utility scanning
your source files and generating the requested information. (Note: You can 
also generate documentation by running 'make doc' from within the project
directory.)

To view the documentation, just go to the desired output folder and view the
generated file. All output is put in the doc/ folder, with each output type
getting its own folder. (The showDoc script can be used to view the generated
HTML documentation using the Mozilla browser).

If you'd like to augment or alter the documentation, consult the Doxygen
website for tutorials and reference on how to tag source comments.
